Config: deprecated notification for projects without config file (#10354)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: readthedocs/templates/projects/notifications/deprecated_config_file_used_email.txt

{% extends "core/email/common.txt" %}
{% block content %}

> Your project "{{ project.slug }}" is not using a .readthedocs.yaml configuration file (https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config-file/v2.html) and will stop working soon.

Reviewer: Link moved down to keep this sentence clear

```suggestion
Your project "{{ project.slug }}" is not using a .readthedocs.yaml configuration file  and builds will stop working soon.
```

Configuration files will soon be required by projects, and will no longer be optional.
You will need to add a configuration file to your project to ensure your project continues building successfully.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on our configuration file, see:
https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config-file/v2.html

```

{% extends "core/email/common.txt" %}
{% block content %}

> Your project "{{ project.slug }}" is not using a <a href="https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config-file/v2.html">.readthedocs.yaml</a> configuration file and will stop working soon.

Reviewer: I guess this is also an issue on the versions of this above, but the link text should cover all of this.

```suggestion
Your project "{{ project.slug }}" is not using a <a href="https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config-file/v2.html">.readthedocs.yaml configuration file</a> and will stop working soon.
```

Author: I just realized that it doesn't make sense to have an `<a>` on a .txt file, so I changed this for a simple link without HTML tags 😄

> We strongly recommend you to add a configuration file to keep your builds working.

Reviewer: I'd match the text above here. Namely, we're not recommending this, we are telling the user that their build _will absolutely stop building_.

```suggestion
Configuration files will <strong>soon be required</strong> by projects, and will no longer be optional.
You will need to add a configuration file to your project to ensure your project continues building successfully.
```

Get in touch with us at {{ production_uri }}{% url 'support' %}

> and let us know if you are unable to migrate to a config file for any reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and let us know if you are unable to use to a configuration file for any reason.
```

Though maybe what we want to say here instead is "if you are having trouble using a configuration file". Either works for me.
